klaviyo docs, nav, images - wait on sync merge (#967)
grouparoo/www.grouparoo.com: pages/docs/integrations/grouparoo-klaviyo.mdx

## App

To connect Klaviyo to Grouparoo, you [create an App](https://www.grouparoo.com/docs/config/apps). This step will specify how Grouparoo can connect to Klaviyo using your account information. Having an App set up prepares you to set up a new Destination in Grouparoo.

### App Options

In Grouparoo’s UI config, you specify the options to connect to Klaviyo and test the connection. Be sure to click Update after testing to save the new configuration.

<ImageInBrowserFrame
  src="/images/docs/integrations/klaviyo/app/options.png"
  alt="Klaviyo App Options"
  width={733}
  height={192}
/>

<br />

<table className="docTable">
  <tablebody>
    <tr>
      <td>Option Name</td>
      <td>Description</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <strong>Private API Key</strong> (required)
      </td>
      <td>Klaviyo’s private token</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <strong>Public API Key/Site ID</strong> (required)
      </td>
      <td>Klaviyo’s public token</td>
    </tr>
  </tablebody>
</table>

## Klaviyo Export Profiles

> This Destination enables you to sync your Grouparoo Records to Contacts inKlaviyo as Profiles.

Author: ```suggestion
This Destination enables you to sync your Grouparoo Records to Contacts in Klaviyo as Profiles.
```
